Sarah: I'm really concerned about this new product launch, John. I think we're rushing it out the door too quickly, and I'm worried that it's not ready for prime time.

John: Don't worry, we'll make it work. We've got a great team of engineers, and they'll fix any problems that come up. Besides, we need to get this product out there before our competitors do.

Sarah: But what about the customers? What if they're not happy with the product?

John: They'll be fine. We'll give them a refund if they're not satisfied. But I'm sure they won't be. This product is going to be a hit.

Sarah: I hope you're right. But I can't help but feel like we're taking a big risk.

John: Don't be such a worrywart. Everything's going to be fine.

Sarah: I hope so.

(A few weeks later, the product is launched. It is a disaster. There are numerous complaints from customers about bugs and other problems.)

Sarah: I told you we were rushing it out the door too quickly.

John: It's not our fault. The engineers did their best.

Sarah: But we should have done more testing. We should have given customers more time to provide feedback.

John: It's too late for that now. We just need to fix the problems and move on.

Sarah: But how are we going to do that? We're already behind schedule.

John: We'll figure it out. We always do.

(The company spends months trying to fix the problems with the product. They eventually release a new version that is more stable, but it never achieves the level of success that they had hoped for.)

Sarah: I'm glad we finally got the product fixed. But I can't help but think that we could have avoided all of this if we had just taken more time in the beginning.

John: Well, we can't change the past. Let's just focus on the future.

Sarah: I agree. But I'm going to make sure that we don't make the same mistake again.

(Sarah becomes a vocal advocate for ethical business practices. She speaks out against unethical behavior and encourages others to do the same.)

John: I don't know what your problem is. We made a mistake, but we're trying to fix it. You need to get over it.

Sarah: I'm not over it. And I won't be until we make sure that this never happens again.

(Sarah continues to fight for ethical business practices. She eventually becomes a successful entrepreneur and builds a company that is known for its ethical standards.)

John: I guess you finally got what you wanted. You're a successful businesswoman. But you're still a pain in the neck.

Sarah: I'm not perfect. But I'm trying to do the right thing. And that's all that matters.